Mark GlobalScope as delicate API and rewrite coroutine basics doc without it (#2637)
Kotlin/kotlinx.coroutines: docs/topics/coroutines-basics.md

You will see the following result:

```text
Hello
World!
```

<!--- TEST -->

Let's dissect what this code does. 

[launch] is a _coroutine builder_. It launches a new coroutine concurrently with 
the rest of the code, which continues to work on its own, so that is why we see `Hello` printed first. 

[delay] is a special _suspending function_. It _suspends_ the coroutine for a specific time. Suspending a coroutine
does not _block_ the underlying thread, but allows other coroutines to run and use the underlying thread for 
their code. 

[runBlocking] is also a coroutine builder that bridges the non-coroutine world of a regular `fun main()` and 
the code with coroutines inside of `runBlocking { ... }` curly braces. This is highlighted in an IDE by
`this: CoroutineScope` hint right after the `runBlocking` opening curly brace.

> If you remove or forget `runBlocking` in this code, we'll get an error on the [launch] call, since `launch`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you remove or forget `runBlocking` in this code, you'll get an error on the [launch] call, since `launch`
```

is declared only in the [CoroutineScope]:

```Plain Text
Unresolved reference: launch
```

The name of `runBlocking` means that the thread that runs it (in this case &mdash; the main thread) gets _blocked_ for 
the duration of the call, until all the coroutine inside `runBlocking { ... }` complete their execution. You will 
often see `runBlocking` used like that at the very top-level of the application and quite rarely inside the real code, 

> as thread are expensive resources and blocking them is inefficient and is often not desired. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as threads are expensive resources and blocking them is inefficient and is often not desired. 
```

### Structured concurrency

Coroutines follow a principle of 
**structured concurrency** which means that new coroutines can be only launched in a specific [CoroutineScope]

> which delimits the life-time of the coroutine. In the above example [runBlocking] establishes the corresponding

Reviewer 2: life-time -> lifetime

> which delimits the life-time of the coroutine. In the above example [runBlocking] establishes the corresponding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which delimits the life-time of the coroutine. The above example shows that [runBlocking] establishes the corresponding
```

scope and that is why the previous example waits until `World!` is printed after a second's delay and only then exits.

> In the real application you will be launching a lot of coroutines. Structured concurrency ensures that they are not

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the real application, you will be launching a lot of coroutines. Structured concurrency ensures that they are not
```

{type="note"}

<!--- TEST
Hello
World!
-->

## Scope builder

In addition to the coroutine scope provided by different builders, it is possible to declare your own scope using the
[coroutineScope][_coroutineScope] builder. It creates a coroutine scope and does not complete until all launched children complete.

[runBlocking] and [coroutineScope][_coroutineScope] builders may look similar because they both wait for their body and all its children to complete.
The main difference is that the [runBlocking] method _blocks_ the current thread for waiting,
while [coroutineScope][_coroutineScope] just suspends, releasing the underlying thread for other usages.
Because of that difference, [runBlocking] is a regular function and [coroutineScope][_coroutineScope] is a suspending function.

> We can use `coroutineScope` from any suspending function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `coroutineScope` from any suspending function. 
```

> For example, we can move our concurrent printing of `Hello` and `World` into a `suspend fun doWorld()` function: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can move the concurrent printing of `Hello` and `World` into a `suspend fun doWorld()` function: 
```

        delay(1000L)
        println("World!")
    }
    println("Hello")
}
//sampleEnd
```
{kotlin-runnable="true" kotlin-min-compiler-version="1.3"}

> You can get the full code [here](../../kotlinx-coroutines-core/jvm/test/guide/example-basic-03.kt).
>
{type="note"}

This code also prints:

<!--- TEST
Hello
World!
-->

## Scope builder and concurrency

A [coroutineScope][_coroutineScope] builder can be used inside any suspending function to perform multiple concurrent operations.
Let's launch two concurrent coroutines inside a `doWorld` suspending function:

```kotlin
import kotlinx.coroutines.*

//sampleStart
// Sequentially executes doWorld followed by "Hello"
fun main() = runBlocking {
    doWorld()
    println("Done")
}

// Concurrently executes both sections
suspend fun doWorld() = coroutineScope { // this: CoroutineScope
    launch {
        delay(2000L)
        println("World 2")
    }
    launch {
        delay(1000L)
        println("World 1")
    }
    println("Hello")
}
//sampleEnd
```
{kotlin-runnable="true" kotlin-min-compiler-version="1.3"}

> You can get the full code [here](../../kotlinx-coroutines-core/jvm/test/guide/example-basic-04.kt).
>
{type="note"}

> We see that both pieces of code inside `launch { ... }` blocks execute _concurrently_, with 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both pieces of code inside `launch { ... }` blocks execute _concurrently_, with 
```

`World 1` printed first, after a second from start, and `World 2` printed next, after two seconds from start.
A [coroutineScope][_coroutineScope] in `doWorld` completes only after both are complete, so `doWorld` returns and 
allows `Done` string to be printed only after that:

```text
Hello
World 1
World 2
Done
```

<!--- TEST -->

## An explicit job

A [launch] coroutine builder returns a [Job] object that is a handle to the launched coroutine and can be 

> used to explicitly wait for its completion. For example, we can wait for the completion of the child coroutine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used to explicitly wait for its completion. For example, you can wait for the completion of the child coroutine
```
